[IMP] l10n_cl: Update doc for Odoo 14 Accounting (#777)
odoo/documentation-user: accounting/fiscal_localizations/localizations/chile.rst

different sets of document types available in Chile. By default, all the sales journals created will
use documents. 
  

> .. image:: media/Chile10.png

Reviewer: Is this file still used somewhere?

Author: No, it has been removed in the last commt

.. image:: media/Chile41.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Document type configuration on Journal.

Sequences
*********

When a Journal is created we have two options with document types sequences. 

1. Create new sequences: In this case, Odoo will create new sequences for the most common document
   types. 
2. Use existent sequence: If the sequence should be shared between several journals, the user can
   add manually sequences previously created.  

> .. image:: media/Chile11.png

Reviewer: Is this file still used somewhere?

Author: No, it has been removed in the last commt

with different ranges of folios. In V14 the CAF are shared within all the journals, this means

> that you only need one active CAF per document type and it will be applied on all journals.

Author: Got it, it has been corrected in the last commit.

A CAF (Folio Authorization Code) is required, for each document type that is issued to your
customers, the CAF is a file the SII provides to the Emisor with the folio/sequence authorized 
for the electronic invoice documents.

Your company can make several requests for folios and obtain several CAFs, each one associated
with different ranges of folios. In this way, you could order folios per the different
segmentations you have in your journals (example per office) thus avoiding distributing a range
of folios. In this way, each branch would have its private key of the respective CAF.
with different ranges of folios. In V14 the CAF are shared within all the journals, this means
that you only need one active CAF per document type and it will be applied on all journals.

Please refer to the SII documentation to check the detail on how to acquire the CAF:
`SII Timbraje <https://palena.sii.cl/dte/mn_timbraje.html>`_.

	
Configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Once you have the CAF files you need to associate them with journal sequence in Odoo,
after you create the sequence for the first time the will be in red, which indicates
that no CAF has been configured for that particular sequence:

> .. image:: media/Chile12.png

Reviewer: Is this file still used somewhere?

Author: No, it has been removed in the last commit

   :align: center
   :alt: Sequences per document type on journals.

In order to add a CAF, just follow these steps:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1. Open the sequence. 
2. Go the the Tab “CAF”.
3. Upload the file.
4. Save the CAF.
5. Save the sequence. 
Once you have the CAF files you need to associate them with a document type in Odoo,
in order to add a CAF, just follow these steps:
 
1. Access to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Settings --> CAF`
2. Upload the file.
3. Save the CAF.

> .. image:: media/Chile13.gif

Reviewer: Is this file still used somewhere?

Author: No, it has been removed in the last commit

> .. image:: media/Chile39.gif

Reviewer: This file is WAY too large (3.5 MB) in comparison with its added value.
In git, a repository can only grow in size, never shrink. We must be careful not to add unnecessary large files as every single update made to those files in fact duplicates them. This doesn't scale at all and we are still paying the price of such mistakes in the odoo/odoo repository whose weight is now measured in GB.

Author: Got it, I removed it and switched it for a png image.

> .. image:: media/Chile39.gif

Author: Got it, I removed it and switched it for a png image.

> Once is loaded the status changes to "In Use", at this moment when a transaction is used
> for this document type the invoice number will take the first folio in the sequence. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once loaded, the status changes to *In Use*. At this moment, when a transaction is used
for this document type, the invoice number takes the first folio in the sequence. 
```

.. image:: media/Chile39.gif
   :align: center
   :alt: Steps to add a new CAF on sequences.
   :alt: Steps to add a new CAF.

Once is loaded the status changes to "In Use", at this moment when a transaction is used
for this document type the invoice number will take the first folio in the sequence. 

As a result, the sequence color changes to black and the column Next number and quantity
available are updated:
.. important::
   In case you have use some folios in you previuos system, make sure you set the next valid
   folio when the first transation is created. 

> .. image:: media/Chile13.png

Reviewer: Is this file still used somewhere?

Author: No, it has been removed in the last commit

- Error: Fecha/Número Resolucion Invalido RECHAZO- CAF Vencido : (Firma_DTE[AAAA-MM-DD] - 
  CAF[AAAA-MM-DD]) &gt; 6 meses.
  
  *Hint:* Try to add a new CAF in the journal sequence related to this document as the one you’re 
  using is expired. 
  *Hint:* Try to add a new CAF related to this document as the one you’re using is expired.

Credit Notes
------------

When a cancellation or correction is needed over a validated invoice, a credit note must be
generated. It is important to consider that a CAF file is required for the Credit Note sequence,
generated. It is important to consider that a CAF file is required for the Credit Note,
which is identified as document 64 in the SII.  

> .. image:: media/Chile25.png

Reviewer: Is this file still used somewhere?

Author: No, it has been removed in the last commit
